Xiao Guo, I heard that the business was injured. What happened to him?
He's in desperate need of a blood transfusion.
Doctor, tell me about my blood
Acute serum rejects
But through blundering techniques
This hidden danger can be eliminated
Humph
know
Your kindness
I will definitely keep it in my heart.
Girl get up
Yining is my daughter
I'm willing to lose all my blood
Now please come with me
Ling Ling, let me make a call
YiNing you
Can you forgive mom?
Yunting said you told me many times
You're fine, are you concerned about mom?
Jiang Dong
Half an hour later
The collaboration session with the story is about to begin
This is the modified plan.
Please take a look.
Oh, I see.
You go down first
Mr. Gu
The contract has just been briefly explained
Sign it if it doesn't make sense
Ok Mr. Jiang
Mr. Gu, this clause is completely favorable to the inspection group
It is too harsh on the three subsidiaries
Mr. Gu probably sold himself
Count the money for the lady
Happy cooperation
Jiangdong
Wife
How did my husband perform at the meeting today?
Isn't that bad?
Do you want to give me some rewards?
The night is still long
Let's make another one.